Update do-loop-statement.md (#31432)
dotnet/docs: docs/visual-basic/language-reference/statements/do-loop-statement.md

 Use a `Do...Loop` structure when you want to repeat a set of statements an indefinite number of times, until a condition is satisfied. If you want to repeat the statements a set number of times, the [For...Next Statement](for-next-statement.md) is usually a better choice.

>  You can use either `While` or `Until` to specify `condition`, but not both. If you give neither, the loop goes on until it is broken.

Reviewer: This wording feels awkward to me. What do you think about the following:

```suggestion
 You can use either `While` or `Until` to specify `condition`, but not both. If you give neither, the loop continues until an [`Exit`](exit-statement.md) transfer control out of the loop.
```
